or the real rough as they are derby
commenting and now I'm going to talk about
the new one that went out for resident evil 6
it's about the map of the mercenaries of
Chad
the heights and four 3 this map that you
it came included in the residence and
preordered the game I yesterday I'm going to
order problem for like two
weeks then yesterday I went to game planet
that I bought myself in that place
but I already had gold money because it makes
as six seven months had sold about
games there then I said then let's
take advantage of I already have and have not saved what
no worse and then we when out since
give it to me or then when they give you the
game only give you a code a
code they have on your ticket and what
you can change on your page and it's there
where they gave you this gossip of map
that is quite small is like a ship
military
and I liked it here I put the click on the
directly from cursed these
güeyes are already called you as they were
made by the virus
this no longer believe that you are exposed to the
Most of the know came out in the fucking
demo and then if you have not played the demo
still they do not care much
history of errors and horrors and leveled
in general
here as you see this game mode is
quite entertaining I liked how
they did it
mons the way in how illusion in this
res and level 6
although I must emphasize that if it has
liked more how mercenaries did
in the first new world good in
I liked the first ones
receipts but then until now I play
of racing 16 has not left me bad
taste of mouth if it has its parts that you
they leave with their mouths open
I liked it here, throwing
this damn I have
as I tell you, it is handled in
enough moments with a good taste of
mouth this game
the story is bad enough
worked on you see that they got it
the Japanese rappers capcom
and also in several things you have to
say it loads something we like the
camera but good that and afterwards the
I commented on a video analysis that I will do
of the game but well let's go to the hole this
this model of mercenaries basically
is about how it was a sand way not
survival where we have to kill
to as many zombies as possible
in the determined time that they put us
for example at the beginning they put us between
two or three minutes but that time what
we will be able to increase this with
beams of light that will be scattered
Throughout the map the beams of light
they are going to increase the time
progressively for example when
we will give an ace of light will increase us
30 seconds of time when we will give the
second are going to be 45 and so
consecutively to increase our
time now and be able to kill more enemies
and that generates more points at the same time
every time we kill an enemy and
then we will give a lot to kill the
next enemy are going to leave us
they are going to accumulate combos that are going to
give much more very efficient points here
are the beams of light that I tell you that
they increase us in time but good
back to the combos we have to kill
the enemies consecutively and we
they will be increasing the combos
this is how good is going to give us a lot
higher score apart from that they're going to
appear in our our record
common
a web feature and a data
quite important especially if you
we want to compare with our friends
that is something that has beat me a lot
in this receipt the 6 that for example
you enter the game and your friends tell you
all assume the progress they carry
your friends in the game and all appear
the knicks of your purchases that are
playing at that moment the game
and it's pretty good on this map
one of the things that I can not understand
after krapp com and crown because it's a
as I mention in several things the shit
for example this DLD cost them a lot
I work to put it directly in the
click game be web or force you between
quotes to forgive this the game for
what gives you on this map
Well, you know, the
the fucking robbery of these six of capon
that whenever they take them they get 20,000
of the descent but good and something have
to get more out of the güeyes not
well, here, jac
almost ending the game I would not have
I could make the gameplay longer but
at the end already
just the one to show them the game already
after extracting in a mercenary is
where if you make a record or where there is
fighting for fight a record for example
there they see that there are some of light no longer what
I catch these guys the sniper fuck me
drip a puncture shot as they throw you
is Castro are quite castros or
and then here
As I already commented to you, being in the video
analysis I hope soon my opinion on
the racing game level 6
Well, the game is ending
making a little
So that you have nothing and God
true that it is quite enough
heavy that I get a lot I
they finished the bullets now yes to hear
wang and it's over the fucking game very
well let's see the records is
quite difficult to get good ranges already
you will see it by changes is a maximum ramón
that taken colors sees well enough
difficult is that I see I did a good one
good part but good is because it has
liked the video you know this I
sweater beit a greeting and see you later
carnal